Sometimes your templates also need some logic, for example, only if certain condition is true, you
want to display some content.
This condition might, for example, be that the current user is logged in in Blade.
You can achieve that using directive's if directives reflect the way you would achieve it using plain
ppy if control structure.
First, let's add a new property to our dummy posts array, let's call this property is new and send
it to true for the first block post.
And two falls in the second blog post.
Go to the template responsible for displaying our blog post.
To render content based on a condition, we will use the if directive.
The condition here goes within parenthesis.
So let's check if Post is new is actually true.
The if statement in Blade is closed by a corresponding and if directive.
Now, if the above condition is true, everything inside the directive will be rendered, otherwise
it will not.
So let's add something, our development saying our new blog post using if, say, the changes, and
let's switch back to the browser to verify that this actually works.
Notice I've zoomed in a little bit around four times.
Let's refresh this blog post.
And indeed, we see that this is our new blog post.
Check the second one.
And this text is not present.
For alternative cases, you can use El's if or the ALS directive exactly like you'd be.
Let's try displaying alternative message with Ifirst.
So else if the condition goes inside parenthesis, so let's try the negative post is underscore new
and let's render a message blog post is old using URLs if.
Save the changes and let's go to the browser, so that's a blog post one.
And in the second one, we indeed see the alternative message.
Now, that's a simple case because the Post is new, is actually a Bolian, so we don't really need
as if just showing you that you can use it in other scenarios, maybe in this one.
Actually, the better way is to just add an alert directive.
So just the opposite case.
Say the changes again and let's verify that it still works.